People react differently to being trolled. The most common reactions 
are 
either getting angry and take it personally or else get 
unmotivated and simply give up in what you are doing (normally the 
subject of the troll). This post gives three tips on how to deal 
with trolling to avoid any of the two extreme reactions mentioned above.

1.Take suggestions irrespective of who suggests them
Sometimes people get angry when they are trolled by others who are not 
familiar with the subject or are younger. 
Don.t do that. Look only at the suggestion and not at who is suggesting 
it. That way you are open to trolling by anyone, 
irrespective of whether the person is an expert or not.

2.Don.t take it personal
Another reason why people get angry when they are trolled is that they 
associate the trolling with themselves. 
They think that the person trolling them is doing so, to ridicule them. 
This is not always true. There are many 
types of characters in the world, so some people will be honestly 
interested in helping you, whilst others want to 
demotivate you. People who want to demotivate you will misuse trolling 
and instead of making constructive trolls, 
they will troll to destroy you psychologically. In either case, whether 
constructive trolling or malicious trolling, 
you should never get angry you since you will not solve anything that 
way. If the trolling is genuine you will 
annoy the person giving you advice. On the other hand if the trolling is 
malicious, by getting angry you will help 
your enemy (the person trolling you maliciously) win, cause in the end 
that is what they are after.

3.Don.t Reply immediately
Don.t rush to reply for the trolling being proposed. First allow the 
person doing the trolling to make a point, 
then think about the point before you start debating. First start on 
what you agree with the person, ending up 
with the points you do not agree on. This will help you create a 
relaxing conversation by pointing out the points 
you agree with first. By debating lastly the points which you do not 
agree on, you will make more impact since the 
last points are the most remembered.

Apart from the above three points, make sure that you always smile when 
you are being trolled. This will help you 
create a friendly shat and shows that you are confident in what you 
think.

- PenisPump


