WHY THE PUERTORICANS ARE SO' COOL!!!!

We are a mix of the best of every race.

Our legal drinking age is 18.

We can't care less what other people think of us.

We are not only bilingual but we can speak "Spanglish"

Our women are the most beautiful in the world, (5 Miss Universe)

We are LATIN, and yet AMERICANS

Plus we are caribeños and antillanos

In PR, any road will take you to a beach..... or a pub.

We are the only "territory" of another country with our own
Olympic teams.

We do everything under the sun... because we CAN!

Because even though we are a territory we are still a whole
NATION.

We
don't need to take vacations to be in a tropical paradise.

In PR everything is really close.

I can call you sir ("USTED"), and insult you in the same
sentence.

Our Spanish is completely different than any other Spanish
speaking country.

We all have cool nicknames.

We have the best athletes in the world.

We make some of the best coffee of the world (official coffee of the vatican).

WE CAN DANCE!!!!!!!!!

They come from around the world to hire our engineers and
scientists.

We are the country with the most roads by square mile (and there is
still traffic).

We have the longest swimming pool in the world (Cerromar)

La "Calle del Cristo" (San Juan P.R.) was the first road of "The
New World " to be paved.


We are the major RUM manufacturer of the world.

We have more female engineers than any other country. (and you
still call us machistas?)

We know how to party, without absurd curfew laws.

The bats for the Movie Batman Forever were filmed in Las Cuevas
de Camuy, P.R.

We invented the MayoKetchup!

We kicked the DREAM TEAM's ass

Puerto Rico has one of the world's highest productivity ratios.

Salsa music was the fastest growing genre in the last 20 years.

Four Puerto Ricans received the Congress Medal of Honor
Eurípides Rubio, Carlos Lozada, Héctor Santiago y Fernando Luis Ledesma
García.

Only 4 baseball players have 2 Home Runs in the same Inning; 3
of them are Puerto Ricans (Roberto Clemente, Roberto Alomar and Carlos
Baerga)

Tito Trinidad never went to the Olympics but defeated 4 gold
medal champions.

A Puerto Rican, Nellie Toledo, designed the 1984 Camaro
Berlinetta.

We were the 5th country in THE WORLD to have a radio station.
(before Washington D.C.)

Junior Cordero (Puerto Rican) won the Kentucky Derby 3 times.

There is only 7 fluorescent lagoons in the world; we have 4 of
them.

Giovanni Hidalgo is considered the best percussionist in
THE WORLD.

Jose Feliciano is in the top 3 guitar players in THE WORLD
(don't forget he is blind).

The Discovery 500; Solar car designed by the Mayaguez College
won 41 awards en Sunrayace , Iowa in 1993.

We established the first lottery system in the New World.


NOT TO BAD FOR A 100 X 35 MILES ISLAND...