Gurren Lagann, not so good.
Berserk, shitty manga and even shittier anime.
FLCL, boring, unfunny, LOL SO RANDUM XD shit.
Kaiji, atrocious character design and completely contrived plot.
Hellsing, Twilight except shit.
Ghost in the Shell, pretentious shit with walls of text. I'd rather watch Code Geass than this piece of shit.
RahXephon? If I wanted to watch a shitty Eureka Seven clone, I'd watch Evangelion
Neon Genesis Evangelion, makes about as much sense as a pedophile in a retirement home.
Darker than Black? More like Browner than SHIT
Beck, if I wanted to watch shitty bands, I would go see Tool live.
Claymore, looks like a dick, strong beginning and middle but a cheesy ending.
Cowboy Bebop. Plotless style-over-substance bullshit.
The Girl who Leapt through time? I wish she leapt through a meat grinder.
Koi Kaze, if I thought incest was wrong I would stop having sex with my little sister.
Higurashi, shitty horror bullshit, a failed attempt of Chaos Head.
Akagi. If I wanted to see old people sitting around a table I'd visit my grandma more often.
Spice and Wolf? If I wanted to watch a documentary about economy with a fanservice character thrown in, I wouldn't because it'd be SHIT.
Golden Boy? If I wanted to see a genius get horny, I'd videotape myself masturbating.
Aria, a manga about nothing.
Michiko to Hatchin. Shitty halfassed Boondocks ripoff, the jokes aren't even that funny.
Cromartie Highschool, Lucky Star with men.
Shitugan no Shita. Shitty ripoff of To Aru Majutsu no Index.
Hidamari Sketch, if I wanted to watch a bunch of little girls doing nothing, I'd go and watch my local kindergarden.
Kanon? If I wanted to cry, I'd look at how my life is now.
Mononoke, if I wanted to see a crossdressing, homosexual pothead wearing make-up, I'd move to Brazil.
Eureka 7, more like Gurren Lagann 2.
Serial Experiments Lain? more like Serial Experiments LAME shitsux
BLAME! If I wanted buildings and walking, I'd go outside
GTO? More like GTFO. Shitty shounen is shitty.
Full Metal Panic? More like Code Geass with a shitty tsundere.
Bartender? More like BOREtender.
Hajime no Ippo? If I wanted to see fags jerk eachother off in a steamy shower room, I'd go to a bathhouse.
Maria Holic. Traps got old two years ago.
Kino no Tabi? If I wanted to watch a dyke on a motorcycle, I'd go visit San Francisco instead.
Ichigo Mashimaro, fanservice without fanservice.
Baccano. It's like messing with your media player's seekbar.
Strike Witches, If i wanted to watch fanservice without plot, i would watch hentai.
Legend of the Gaylactating Homos
Mushishi? More like MushiSHIT
Mononoke-hime? If I wanted to watch lepers working in sweatshops, I would go visit India.
Outlaw Star, One Piece in space.
Interstella 5555? If I wanted to watch cheesy music videos, I'd turn on MTV.
Yotsuba. Stupid little bitch runs around and acts "lol so kawaii". NOTHING HAPPENS.
5 Centimeters Per Second? More like 5 Wallpapers Per Second
Jojo's Bizarre Gayventure
Soul Eater? More like Shit Eater. Worse than Naruto.
Grave of the Fireflies? If I wanted to watch a whiny cunt and his little sister fuck around I'd go to Chuck E. Cheese.
Code Geass, if I wanted to watch homosexuals pilot robots, I would watch Gundam Wing.
Nanoha is just Bleach or Naruto but with more pedo pandering.
Death Note. No thanks I'd rather watch CNN.
Last Exile? If I wanted to look at clouds all day, I'd become a meteorologist.
Planetes. As empty as space.
Toradora, if I wanted to watch a menstrual bitch raging I'd hide my mom's midol.
Samurai Champloo? More like Cowboy Bebop with swords and shitty music.
Zero no Tsukaima, more like Harry Potter: The Animation
Gintama, Bobobo with worse animation.
One Outs? More like three outs for THIS anime! NEXT!
Fate/stay night, it's like Mai-Hime gone wrong.
Monster? Now THERE'S a show that needs some surgery!
Sunshine Sketch, confirms my belief that art school students are idiots.
Kurenai, shitty anime about an ugly loli.
Ride Back. If I wanted to see dancing robots I'd just watch Transformers.
Honey and Clover? If I wanted to watch a guy marry his retarded niece I'd go to the Ozarks.
Haibane Renmei, a boring show about angels fucking around. I liked it better when it was called Evangelion.
Gungrave, adding zombies to Cowboy Bebop doesn't make it any less shitty.
Victorian Romance Emma. Otaku-pandering maid fanservice bullshit.
One Piece? More like One Piss of SHIT, set fail.
Gundam 00? If I wanted shitty character designs I'd watch G Gundam.
Historie, history for faggots. "OMG Megas Alexander is so hot, I want to suck his dick" is not a good premise for anime.
Seirei no Moribito, if I wanted sleeping aid I'd take ambien.
Minami-ke? If I wanted to see a boy dressed as a girl, I'd look at old pictures of me in kindergarten.
Akira, If I wanted to watch two retards scream at each other, I'd visit a mental institution.
Vinland Saga, shitty manga and even worse anime. 2 episodes in and I fell asleep.
Azumanga Daioh. Failed attempt at Lucky Star
20th Century Boring.
Welcome to the NHK, if I wanted to watch a loser, I would stare at the mirror.
Vagabond, one episode in and I fell asleep.
Legend of the Galactic Heroes. If I needed a sleeping aid, I'd take pills.
Elfen Lied, Deep, complex well developed characters that are not afraid to tell it like it is, with a strong ending