50 Ports - How To Drop Lyrics

(feat. The Madd Dropper)
[Madd Dropper]
Aiyyo this the art of getting dropped
This is how we do #nullroute style you know what I'm sayin?

[50 Ports]
R.I.P. L.E.K., R.I.P V.X.P., R.I.P niggas that wanna UDP
Aiyyo the bottom line is I'ma botter with a deal
If my record don't sell I'ma drop and /kill
You better recognize nigga I'm straight from #the_street
These tool niggaz startin to look like somethin to eat
I'll snatch moon and tell zi, "You wanna see her again?"
Get your ass down to the nearest ATM
I have dreams of DDoSing an R&B bitch
And I'll wake up early and botnet all that shit
When I apply pressure, son it aint even funny
I'm about to stick vap0r for some of that p0r.org money
JacksonBrown? I can get that nigga anytime
Have NigBot sweatin eatin UDP from my nine
Since these #fuck_the_world niggaz seem to be all fam
I put the gun to brandi tell her, "Tell your man
MC blackman, haha, come of that switch now
I mean right now"
The only excuse for being broke is bein in jail
A carder can't make bail if he broke as hell
I'd rob VXP but that'd be a waste of time
Probably have to clap him run and toss the nine
I'd follow l0de in the road for four blocks
Plottin to /kill him for that rock that timecop copped
What UThere just sold 4 logs? He got somethin to live for
Don't want no nigga puttin botz thru that #spie front door
I'll man handle jax like "Bitch get on the ground"
You ain't with Jason no more who gonna care for you now?
I been skeamin on phreek and sonya since they found me
She know not to wear that nick around me
I'ma drop him nah for #Real yo son I'm sick
I'm bout to packet O_6 for all that kike ass shit
I'll drop bk without a bot make him cry then run
This nigga weigh 4000 pounds, how he gon /gline me son?

[Madd Dropper]
[(Chorus) 2x]
I.R.C. is serious
Being dropped can make you delirious
So we card and trojan so our botnets get bigger
50 Ports how it feel to drop a Staminus nigga?

[50 Ports]
Ill hijack Nessun's botnet right after the Courtcase
and blog "RIP Jmax" to his own moms face
Run up on Depakote and Jax w/the pound
Like you gimme the bots and u put the hot dog down
I figured it out
Been droppin' BK before that's why his ass
don't wanna be an oper no more
Mad at you I'm droppin' E_T., FUCK YOU!! PAY ME!!
Had Da shat with em, shoulda had his firewall with him
QPT wanna get down well tell ya homey
I'm on that Gige shit, I do my +Dirt All By My Lonely+
I should drop james but his shit did well
I wanna stick CP but his shit ain't sell
I hit Turknet take logins and leave
Catch BK and his fam for them funny ass chinks
Tell him gimme the bots to flood #PP
Ill rape your ass like that .br cunt on CCTV
elsdon wanna bigmatix while I'm bottin him up
Nigga get capped by his ISP now i'm stickin him up
supers tried to hide his host, nigga nigga i saw ya
He said "Why you droppin me I got _Nuttin But Love_ for ya ;]"
Caught W2M for his white power piece
Told him I want it all he said, "Even my T3?"
I caught timecop on a back block with his black bots
One at a time get out and pass me your auth
Did you ever think that you would have this bandwidth?
Did you ever think that you would hear these lines?
Did you ever think that I'd DDOS your Gige?
And hijack your shit straight up like it's mine?
I'll card BangBus like I'm Michael Bivins
Hijack Tyson for half that botnet like Robyn Givens
I'm hungry for real im bout to stick cp
That nigga still ircin' off supers' first IP
I had luke` and the whole of #null on the floor
He asked me if I had enough packets told him "Gimme Some More"
Is you feelin this? Then wait for the sequel
I gotta get Kirk Franklin for droppin' Gods People

[Madd Dropper]
[chorus]
For #Real yo you know what I'm sayin?
Carders got to get packetted down that's just how it goes
It don't matter if you a gaynigger or a regular nigga
It don't matter, if you got it and I need it I want it
Five Ports ain't fucking around
50 Ports ain't fuckin around
UDP Masters ain't fuckin around
Crazy Wink ain't fuckin around
Madd Dropper aint fuckin around
So watch your bots, watch your credit card book, watch your shell
Watch everybody on that shat, watch everybody on IRC
Cause we gonna get you whether you like it or not you know what I'm sayin'
