Stephen Colbert was a busy man. He had lots to do and little time to do it in.so why couldn.t he get the plastic off this goddamn Ramen cup?!

.Time is money,. he mumbled at the cup, not so much because he meant it or even abided by the phrase, but it was the principle of the thing really. He could be doing all manner of things with this time...like, writing his first novel or fiddling around with his site, but more likely than not, simply watching TV. He grabbed a fork and jabbed it into the plastic, violently ripping it off and filling the little cup with water, then shoving the lot into the microwave.

He leaned against the counter, away from the offending Ramen cup and tapped his foot as the microwave cooked his quick lunch. He frowned as the old microwave started making strange noises. Damn thing was so old. He really needed to replace it soon.

The microwave.s humming got louder and more erratic. The counter started vibrating and Stephen whipped around to investigate. What the hell was wrong with the damn thin.oh shit.

The fork he had used to open the Ramen was in the microwave.

As he reached to open it, the microwave gave a jolt and, to his horror, exploded. He shielded his face but nothing hit him. Something strange was happening. The pieces weren.t exploding.they were imploding. The shrapnel was being sucked into a gaping portal of indeterminate color and texture. He backed away from it, sure that even if he got out of this encounter alive he would die soon after of radiation poisoning or cancer or something equally as terrible.

He tried to run, but he found himself being pulled steadily into the portal. His feet scraped against the ground and he grasped for anything that could anchor him, but he couldn.t resist the pull. As his feet were dragged into the portal, all he could think was, .I always thought radiation would be.greener..

***

Adolf stormed out of the Academy of Arts cursing furiously. When he had first received his rejection letter, he thought that surely a mistake had been made. How could the dean not recognize such raw passion? He had come down to the school to present his portfolio once again and assure them that he was worthy of attending their prestigious school, but they had rolled their eyes at him and told him that they had declined his application due to a lack of talent. Become an architect, they said. Lack of talent; this was clearly the pinnacle of all the stupid things he.d heard in his life.

He was nineteen and already his childless father pension was running out. He needed to be in school to better his art and hone his artistic vision. He cursed the Jews on the school board under his breath. He glared back at the gates, shaking his head angrily. Of all the stupid things!

Without warning, he was hit by something rather large and heavy. After a few seconds of confusion and hustle, he realized that it was a handsome older man in a strangely tailored suit.

.Machen welche die Hö Sie?!. Adolf shouted, jumping to his feet and dusting himself off indignantly.

The man quirked an eyebrow up at him and said slowly but not in a condescending manner, .Speak English?.

.I am.sorry.. Adolf conceded in his best English, offering the man a hand up. He searched for words for a minute before saying, .How are you called?.

The man smiled, looking relieved. .I.m Stephen Colbert,. he announced, extending his hand to grip Adolf.s in a formal handshake.

Adolf took it, more than a bit puzzled. .Is French?. Colbert nodded, grinning vaguely. ..Vere did you come from?.

Colbert shrugged. .Where am I?.

A smile touched Adolf.s lips. What a cryptic answer. He was intrigued, but who was this man? .Vienna. I am Adolf Schicklgruber. You need a place to stay? Is not much, but..

Stephen looked pensive for a moment. Schicklgruber; why did that sound familiar? Either way, he really didn.t have any place to stay, but how did he end up in Vienna? And for that matter, how was he going to get back home? Oh well, he.d think about all that later as, for the moment, he had no money on him and no other options.

***

Adolf.s apartment was small and sparsely furnished, but cluttered with paintings and drying postcards, art supplies and books, various random knickknacks, and an ancient phonograph. Adolf sank down onto the stiff bed and gave Stephen leave to take the sturdy chair across from it. He picked up a newspaper off of it and sat down. It was typed up in German but the date read 1908.

He laughed, giving the paper a tap with the back of his hand. .How old is this thing?.

Adolf looked puzzled as he took the paper from Stephen, giving it a quick glance. .S.at.s yesterday.s paper..

Stephen frowned. Adolf studied his form intently and tentatively asked, .May I.may I paint you? I am an artist, you see,. he hastily added. Painting from landscapes and postcard pictures could only get one so far. He didn.t have the money to pay a model but maybe he could rend something beautiful from his guest.

Stephen laugh, a bit taken aback. No one had ever asked to paint him before but he couldn.t see why not. At least he could have some time to think about his situation while Adolf painted. The young German switched places with him so he could have adequate lighting and then threw open the drapes with a dramatic flourish.

He set to sketching Stephen.s relaxed body, smiling contentedly and making quiet conversation. When he was finished with the last bit of shading on his preliminary sketch, he plopped down next to Stephen to show him. Stephen laughed. .Oh you.re good. My face isn.t that lined already is it?. He asked playfully.

Adolf frowned, slightly crestfallen. .No, Mr. Colbert, you look goodt. Youthful.. He wasn.t blowing smoke either. He was actually kind of scared at how attracted he was to the man, but he couldn.t back down from his statement now or he.d make things awkward.

Stephen shook his head, grinning. .Call me Stephen. Or if you become a really good friend of mine, Ted Hitler..

Adolf knew that there was a joke he wasn.t getting but felt stupid having it explained to him, so he simply said, .The name of my father is Heidler, but Hitler sounds better..

Stephen.s brow furrowed at that and Adolf was afraid he had said something wrong. He quickly searched his brain for another subject he could adequately express in English. He bit his lip and Stephen let out a boyish giggle, reaching hesitantly to push a strand of hair back from the German boy.s face.

Adolf took Stephen.s wrist lightly in midair, inhaling sharply as he felt the older man.s smooth skin. He leaned into Stephen.s gaze uncertainly, his lips brushing Stephen.s. Adolf ran a hand through the man.s dark hair and deepened the kiss, pressing his taut young body up against Stephen.s.

Stephen gasped into his mouth and broke free, wrenching his body back away from Adolf. .I.I can.t do this,. he sputtered breathily. .I.m in love with someone else..

Adolf cast his eyes down, his cheeks burning, and pretended to be interested in the worn sheets he was picking at. .Vith whom?.

Stephen sighed. He wouldn.t even be born for another half a century. .Jon Stuart Leibowitz..

Adolf.s eyes stung with tears of embarrassment. He batted them away angrily with the back of his hand. .Gottverdammen Juden,. he murmured in an attempt to console himself.

--------------------------------------------------------------------



The Fuhrer kept his back turned to the door as he whispered into the telephone. He listened intently for a moment, his eyes gleaming in the nearby candlelight, and then replied with a soft murmur of his own. After several moments of secretive banter with intermittent giggles, Adolf hung up the phone and quickly straightened his jacket. The two guards outside his door suddenly snapped back to attention. He peered at them for a moment from within his dark cave-like office, then strode towards the doorway. The two guards flung their right arms skyward and shouted .Hail Hitler!. as he passed.

As soon as he was out of sight, one guard leaned towards the other. .Has he got himself a girlfriend finally.?.

-----

Adolf had never been much of a relationship man, but he realized now that with his plan of dominating the world, he wanted.no, needed.someone at his side to share all the power, riches, and glory. Someone he could sit down to a nice dinner salad and idly chat with. He had a particular individual in mind, someone who had recently become very dear to him. The problem was that the world could never ever know, for it could destroy them both. No, no, the world must remain ignorant to his personal life.

He sat quietly in the back seat of his touring car and chewed on his thumbnail for a bit as he contemplated the possibilities.

.Driver,. he finally called out. .We need to stop at a florist before we go to the opera.. His Jewish Negro slave complied with a nod of his head and pulled up to the nearest corner flower shop.

.No, wait.. How could he be so foolish? He couldn.t send flowers; the florist would know then. That would be unacceptable. He ordered the driver to continue on and began to mutter to himself: .When.when?.

-----

As the month and .his. war ventured on, Hitler could always find himself one step ahead of his enemies. strategies. However, he was growing a deep undeniable fear in the pit of his gut that his neighbor, Joseph Stalin, might form an alliance with the western democracies in spite of their friendship . He knew that would be taken care of soon enough though, when they would meet to sign he Nazi-Soviet Non-Aggression Pact. He had also invited his Italian ally, Benito Mussolini to join them as a spectator and to enjoy the festivities.

The meeting couldn.t come quickly enough; within several weeks two fascist leaders and a communist leader were merrily sharing drinks around a boardroom table, surrounded by all of their loyal subjects. The non-aggression pact had been signed, and they all sat around shoving pork rolls and veggie wraps into their indulgent little mouths to celebrate. The two signers of the pact.Adolph and Joseph.reveled in their own supposed streaks of genius, and were quite proud of themselves.

.You are like me,. Joseph mused to Adolph. .We are insatiable.. 

The merrymaking continued long into the night. Gradually, attendees from the party began to disappear out into the cold night or in search of an empty guestroom in which to collapse or entertain their dates.

Slightly intoxicated and senseless from drinking, Adolf drifted down the hallway in search of his secret lover.

.Where are you? I haven.t been with you in so long.. he cooed out softly. He looked behind a portrait bust of a Greek god and frowned, disappointed that his lover could not be found there. Next, he looked behind a large velvet drapery that was hanging on a wall. Still no sign, to his dismay. He stumbled past his office; a sound distracted him.

He paused. There was a male voice coming from within. He pushed the heavy door open a crack and strained to listen.

.Ahhh, mio amore e tesoro. the familiar voice murmured. A rustling sound was heard then. Adolf blinked in the darkness, and squinted. His eyes adjusted gradually and he could finally make out two figures groping and caressing in the dark.

His eyes widened in disbelief. Someone was behaving inappropriately in his office! How dare they! He angrily pushed the door open and flipped on a nearby light. The two spooning figures froze. Adolf immediately halted in his tracks.

There, tightly grasping each other in the corner, Benito Mussolini and Joseph Stalin gaped at him, held in a deer-caught-in-the-headlights type horror. Within seconds, Adolf reacted. His face became the color of a fresh turnip, his shaking fists rose to his hair, and his breath stopped entirely.

.How dare you!. he howled in fury. .What would the citizens of your countries think?!

Benito stared at the floor as he tentatively pulled his shirt back up over his shoulders.

.I want you out of here! Now!. Adolf barked. He stomped foot ferociously and pointed towards the door. The two wildly embarrassed men quickly buttoned their shirts, fixed their hair, and hastily made their way to the door.

.Wait,. Adolf instructed. .Joseph, you will remain here.. He waved Benito away. .Get out of here, you.you shamed fool! Yes, that.s right, I know how the Australians ran you out of Egypt, you coward! Now get out of my sight!. 

Mussolini ran crying from the room.

The two were alone now, and Adolph could no longer contain himself. He slapped Joseph. The palm-to-cheek blow resounded loudly.

.How could you do this to me?. he screeched.

Joseph cringed at the blow and an apologetic grimace crossed his face. Adolf continued. .In my own home, behind my back! After all we.ve been through! After I told you how much I needed you.. he reached out and trailed a loving finger down Joseph.s cheek. .I was looking everywhere for you tonight. I thought we could have our special alone time..

Joseph fell to his knees at the Fuhrer.s feet. .A thousand apologies!. he groveled. .Please forgive me, I swear it was the wine. He meant nothing to me! Please!. He clutched desperately at Adolf.s hand. .How could I possibly make it up to you? I.ll do anything..anything.. He sobbed pathetically on the floor.

Adolf remained thoughtful for a moment. How could he work this to his advantage? This could turn out quite well. Quite well indeed. He pulled his unfaithful lover to his feet. .Pledge your allegiance to me,. he demanded. .This is how you may redeem yourself. Pledge your allegiance to me. You will then also have your army conduct themselves according to my instruction..

Stalin looked gravely at Hitler for a moment. .You murder communists. You murder those that represent what I believe in.. 

Hitler crossed his arms and sighed. .Do you want me to forgive you or not?.

Stalin then finally bit his bottom lip and nodded his head. .I will do it for you. I would do it for only you..

Hitler nodded as well. .Excellent. Then I forgive you.. He smiled.

-----

And that was how it was. The massive Russian army was then under the command of both Hitler and Stalin, although Stalin eventually seemed to fade away into the background, appearing to give Hitler sole totalitarianism control as far as the public eye was concerned.  Their downfall would have undoubtedly been inevitable had the knowledge of their true relationship been revealed. The two leaders overlooked their political differences in favor for a glorified conquest that they wished to share happily together. 

On one occasion, Stalin and Hitler secretly met in a territory annexed from defeated Poland. A train silently pulled into a station into Lvov, while the area was strictly guarded. All traffic was halted. Naturally, this attracted attention, and to the general public it was stated that they had signed a military treaty to replace the non-aggression pact. 

In reality, this meeting was not of military nature. The truth of the matter was that Stalin and Hitler were being wed, and once again they were in need of a reasonable and acceptable excuse with tight security in order to have such an event take place. With their union sealed, their conquest of the world could resume.

The Soviet army was trained, armed, and uniformed by the expert and professional Germans. Eventually the time came to help Japan invade the United States. In spite of the untiring and fearless bite of the U.S. military, the combination Russo-German army with the aid of Japanese air power soon overwhelmed the country. As soon as the Russo-Germans were finished using Japan, they invaded and took them over as well.

This great planetary empire, with all unfavorable races and social classes eliminated, is now presided over by the great Joseph Hitler, son of the two men that founded our flawless way of life. Every country has been united in a utopian way of life, and now with the help of both space agencies of the United States of the Russo-German Empire and the Russians, we can now look skyward and intrigue ourselves with the idea and the possibilities of conquering other worlds.
