Hi to my brothers and sisters in Jesus. I'm posting anonymously, because my
problem is very personal, and one I would have trouble asking even my pastor
about. I was recently engaged to a young man who is perfect in almost every
way, a devout christian who is kindhearted, attractive, and owns his own
restaraunt. I should be the happiest girl in the state, but there's a problem.
One day about two months ago, my toilet would not flush. I tried and tried, but
finally could not flush it, and went off to look for a plunger, but when I came
back with it, the clog was totally gone. I left the plunger in the bathroom in
case it happened again. A few days later it did, but someone had moved the
plunger. I went looking all over the appartment for it but when I came back,
the toilet was unclogged again.  I was baffled, I left the plunger in the
bathroom again, making a careful note of where it was (we only have one
bathroom in our appartment). When it happened again, I went out as before to
look for the plunger but swiftly returned to the bathroom. I was aghast at what
I found. My fiance was reaching into the toilet with his bare hands, pulling
out my... refuse and consuming it.  He was so surprised when I came in that he
almost choked on it. I ran to the kitchen sink and started throwing up over and
over again, praying this was a dream.  But it wasn't. He came into the kitchen
afterward to make sure I was ok, and then he told me that he had tried to hide
it from me, but now that I knew, there was no use in pretending anymore, he
enjoyed eating my feces, and had no plans to stop anytime soon. He said he
hoped I could understand, and was very matter of fact about the whole thing.
We got into a big argument and I left the appartment crying and have been
staying at my mother's appartment for four days. The problem is that even with
this insane behavior, I still love him very much, and I can't bear the thought
of living my life without him. Tonight he called to try and work things out.
When I told him that I would have to break things off if he didn't stop this,
he told me that he loved me, but if I couldn't accept this part of him, he
would have to find someone who could.  I'm totally at a loss for what to do. I
don't dare tell any of my family or friends about this, my mother has been
urging me to work things out but I just can't get over the memory of him bent
over the toilet and reaching in. I have been crying almost non-stop since it
happened and have not gone into work.  Please Jesus, help me find a way to work
through this. I need help but I just can't face up to this thing, it's so
strange. I am praying someone can help me, or offer some words of wisdom on
dealing with things like this. I understand this is gross but I am hoping for
constructive advice, not denouncements of the man I still love :'(
