    ~ knubbze's Grundregeln beim phpbint schreiben ~
Maxim 1: The more confusing the error message, the better.
Maxim 2: If it doesn’t run under Windows, then it’s Windows’ fault.
Maxim 3: Detect Windows, and crash.
Maxim 4: Manuals are a waste of time.
Maxim 5: Words in boldface don’t count.
Maxim 6: Just because you’re a Windows application doesn’t mean
Maxim 7: Performance degradation is acceptable in the greater interest
Maxim 8: If you’re going to do something wrong, do it wrong
Maxim 9: Find a rule and break it as blatantly as possible.
Maxim 10: The weirder your code, the harder it will be for the operating system to detect that you are about to do something stupid and rescue you.
Maxim 11: Always look for the weirdest, most convoluted way of doing something. That way, you stand a good chance of doing it wrong.
Maxim 12: It is better to be lucky than good.
Maxim 13: Multitasking is for wimps.
Maxim 14: Persistence may not help, but it’s fun.
Maxim 15: Thrashing is good. It reminds the user that the computer is on.
Maxim 16: Random addresses are harmless.
Maxim 17: If you’re going to fail, do so as subtly as possible.
Maxim 18: Do something that is supported only under Windows, and do it wrong.
Maxim 19: Second-guess the specification whenever possible.
Maxim 20: Knowledge of the English language is optional.
Maxim 21: Well-behaved programs are for wimps.
Maxim 22: Bite the hand that feeds you.
Maxim 23: Words in italics don’t count.
Maxim 24: If you can’t be subtle, then be blatant.
Maxim 25: Intel will never release a new CPU.
Maxim 26: Slower is better.
Maxim 27: If you can’t convince the operating system to screw you up, take matters into your own hands.
Maxim 28: Microsoft will never release a new version of the operating system.
Maxim 29: The high words of 32-bit registers are always zero.
Maxim 30: Even business applications can benefit from a boot disk.
Maxim 31: Error checking is for wimps.
Maxim 32: Don’t bother testing the error paths. The game is already over.
Maxim 33: When faced with the unusual, self-destruct.
