                   "THE NORD"

      Envisioned from a dream bestowed upon
          CrackBaby which he put to text


Trannykikeleonites Psalm 1

AND so it was before the Great Ildo walked as Ambassador on the Planet Earth,
and before the Punjab hordes laid siege to the West - whose threads lay bared
by countless Jewish sons in binds of usury - some five-hundred whirls after
the venerable tranny-kike Jesus took claim as the son of God, that the
ALMIGHTY LORD OF THE UNIVERSE, one entity - of reference by mortals only
as by his complete title - and followed always and only by DIKKY HEARTIES,
saw it just to place upon the throes of man, one great savior to stand alone
except with those whom he hath converted, Timecop.

 
Trannykikeleonites Psalm 2

AND though the birth of timecop fell much nearer still to the nineteen-hundred
and sixtieth whirl about the Earthly sun, it was seen by The Almighty Lord of
the Universe, Dikky Hearties, that timecop should entrench himself within the
rolls of a great Montenegro peak and from there he beseeched the wonderous crowds
"Bring ye forth thine carrion swine, thine dregs of men, and open-source
enthusiasts still and I shall smite your woes from this land and serve to you
a divine escalator to Val Halla, for I have received this charge from the great
voice beyond who demands only we follow his direction and underwrites a guarantee
signed in the blood of a thousand Kike Pedophiles, his name is Dikky Hearties,
The Almighty Lord and I serve his creed which cannot be repeated among men!"

 
Trannykikeleonites Psalm 3

AND though the Earth shooketh with his speech and Gay Nigger seed drenched the
land with its bounty, immediately arresting the famine that had wrought the land,
still one blaspheming Jew took exception to these godly words and riled the dregs
into a frenzy "Any who join with this timecop and his wretched band shall be
disbarred from his profession!  He shall never know the love of the Jew which is
the love of plentitude without effort.  His credit rating shall be razed and his
flocks shall be repossessed by moon apes.  His home will smolder at the first
breeze with no utilities as I shall set forth my minions upon the leaders of his
land who will be bought with the same denied to him in the lobby of their greatest
building by lobbyists residing in the same."


Trannykikeleonites Psalm 4

AND so the Montenegroes recoiled, and sought shelter from the bountiful Nigger
Seed rains from above, for they could not reap its benefit and remain within good
graces with the Jew.  The Females of all flocks were especially vicious in their
recoil for they had taken a special longing for the JEW-ellers stocks and sought
to maintain supply of the glutunous trinkets regardless of cost to their loins.

 
Trannykikeleonites Psalm 5

AND so it was that The Almighty of the Universe, Dikky Hearties dispatched Timecop
forth to demand 3 great disciples from the dregs unearthed in Montenegro - and
though Dikky Hearties the Almighty had reverted from bountifying the land with
his Gay Nigger seed to shitheaping it with vile excrement, blighting its
treacherous Jew-loving inhabitants with pestilence and plague – three of the
dregs did walk forward, for not all could live off of a $454/month welfare stipend.
Nor could all maintain a credit rating above 900 points.  Such was the Jew-Kike
economic system, and such would be its undoing.

 
Trannykikeleonites Psalm 6

AND from whence those dregs came, though the land remained firmly on the shitheap,
and even though the Latvian Ambassador (heterosexual) remarked that he would not
bother to get a green card, they emerged from Timecop’s tent transformed.
What had taken the Jew many eons to foment had taken Timecop less than fifteen
minutes each to undo, and to each when his Gay Nigger seed erupted within, carrying
the holy service pack update, Timecop saideth, "Thou art reformed in the image of
our lord, the Almighty Dikky Hearties, you are Nords but you are of such clean
lineage that no Earthly being will be able recognize you as such and you will
appear to everyone a Nigger."

 
Trannykikeleonites Psalm 7

AND so it became that the great disciples of Dikky Hearties, the Almighty of the
Universe, who sought his paradise through the Prophet, Timecop would form the new
Gay Nigger Association of America when timecop applied his powers in a new age of
great need.  And though there was no asking among the disciples of what should be
done within the world of Gay Niggers, Dikky Hearties, the Almighty did turn asunder
and bellow from the heavens to the Gay Ambassador to the Punjab Hordes:

<DiKKy> LOL
<DiKKy> OK
<DiKKy> MAKE A 
<DiKKy> BIBLE
<DiKKy> BASED ON
<DiKKy> THE NORD WORDS
<CrackBaby> OK
<CrackBaby> WHAT ARE THE BASIC TEACHINGS
<CrackBaby> AND THE NAMES OF THE MAIN CHARACTERS
<CrackBaby> AND HOW LONG
<DiKKy> AND UMUST HAVE PRPHOECHIES
<DiKKy> ABOUT HOW
<DiKKy> IF A MAN WITHOUT ANY LEGS
<DiKKy> ENTERS THE GNAA
<DiKKy> AT 1337
<DiKKy> THE SIGN HAS COME
<DiKKy> TO DESTROY NEW YORK
<DiKKy> USING OUR SEMEN CANNONS
<CrackBaby> OK
<CrackBaby> I NEED NAMES OF PEOPLE
<DiKKy> DESSIMAT0R IS THE TRAITOR
<DiKKy> AND DCOM IS THE DEVIL
<DiKKy> IN HIS ANIME HELL
<DiKKy> WHERE EVERYONE WILL BE GANGRAPED BY GIANT SQUIDS WITH 8 ARMS EACH FUCKING AND TEARING UP PEOPLES BUTTS IN TRUE ANIME STYLE FOR ETERNITY TO COME

 
Trannykikeleonites Psalm 8

AND thence UnLoOpY the Faggot Punjab, sworn enemy of the Zionist Conspiracy (ZOG)
warned Timecop that there were Jews and Kike-helpers in his midst but Timecop ways led
astray by the treachery of desseminat0r who himself had been subverted by the Juden
forces through the half Jew – half Punjab Jax.  And though Timecop had been warned that
halfbreeds were not to be trusted, he did so regardless, despite warnings that Gay Niggers
could not include females and thusly the golden arrow did strike, and it was in fact
mined from the Kike Israel mine and forged by the sex-change promoting DeBeers JEWeller
whose hatred towards fellow man and ability to control the female organism was his
strength and the Gay Niggers his only weakness.  In his weakened state Timecop did
croak one sweet blossom of direction, which was to seek paradise with Dikky Hearties,
the Almighty, that all who follow his direction shall live where men love eachother
and where the rivers run quick with Gay Nigger seed.  UnLoOpY himself fled to the
Punjab and promptly outsourced half of America greatly improving the case for fighting
the Jew and open source software which had so empowered the enemies of free empire.
But still the land was restless, the Gay Niggers in disarray, Dikky Hearties the
Almighty forced to descend from the heavens and take form as a chronic barbiturate
abuser just as the tranny-kike had done so many whirls about the sun before.

 
Trannykikeleonites Psalm 9

And so it was that the Jews just as they did with the tranny-kike would always have the
upper hand in fighting the righteous Nord bloodline of the Gay Niggers, whose purity in
Norwegian heritage was so fine that they appeared to be Niggers to the lay-person.
The Jew with the help of the vile Anime/Xanga lovers Dcom and Verbam aligned with each
other and forged an unholy alliance which sought to wreak destruction upon adherants of
Dikky Hearties the Almighty, and the great BROWN RING.  As Dikky Hearties the Almighty
had descended to Earth, it was scene that his powers and indeed the holy powers of all
the Gay Nigger seed became concentrated within the Brown Ring and thusly it was sought
as the primary target by the Jew and all his minions.



Negrodamus Psalm 1

From whence the Gay Niggers traveled they left only love, and joyous, gay, happiness
which caused much consternation among global Jewry who sought to restrict such cracks
of heavenly reception among the lay-folk - a council of kike-faigs was called to order
and Selfone spake, and spake he that "The Gay Niggers shalt be put to death, we much
round up two dozen and show tax-payers that we indeed are the bottom line of their
empire".  And so it was that some 24 Gay Nigger Nords were rounded up, though they
went voluntarily so as to leave their hosts homes undisturbed and Penisbird feathers
unruffled.  They were shackled within the Inner Sanctum of the great Roman Coliseum
whose leaders had again been tricked by the Jewry and ZOG to believe that it was in
their interest to fight the Jewish enemies, and despite having just suffered from
extreme nigger flooding in Jew Orleans, the establishment of more enemies care of
the Jewvasion of Lebanon, and the false-flag operation of 9/11, the Roman King, one
BASH sought and did try to put the Gay Nigger Nords to death by gladiator or as he
called, Insurgent warfare.

 
Negrodamus Psalm 2

But oh for grace!  Dikky Hearties, the Almighty of the Universe did part the clouds
and once again launch a barrage of semen artillery from the sky, and only the believer
niggers were permitted to see his majestic power.  The 24 Gay Nigger Nords of superior
lineage were able to fight off legions upon legions of Romans with not a scratch, and
even the 200 Lions deployed by the Jew-nosed Kike General Abizaid.  But still some
doubted the Powers of Dikky Hearties, the Almighty, and among the 24 Gay Nigger Nords,
just one cried to his Jewbagging keepers "O Lament! Save me from my misery! I forsake
the Almighty Dikky Hearties and I embrace the Great Zog!" 

 
Negrodamus Psalm 3

And so it was that all 24 were smitten on the count of five, they were smitten once
said count had reached zero, for one among them was unworthy and the Almighty Dikky
Hearties once again showed his disciples now numbering in the thousands, that not only
did he have the power to grand paradise to all but also that power which to take it
away and that he could do so at his discretion, immediately upon the act of sin, or
following it.

 
Negrodamus Psalm 4

And then projected upon the Jumbotron was the fate of the one defective Jewed-out
Gay Nigger who had forsaken his wondrous Nord Nigger bodice for the vile carnal
pleasures of a low-interest Visa card.  He remained for eternity DCOM's bedmate, in
the clutches of hellfire, being sodomized repeatedly by 8 sequoia-tree-trunk sized
Anime dongs, the collective imagination of every Xanga and Anime blogger.
Jewfragolians 1

And CrackBaby received his final directive from the Almighty Dikky Heartiez,
"Yield to thine Kike Temptation, and thou shalt rot in some pedophilia inspired,
open source stench of a xanga blog – follow my guidance at all times and you shall
be guaranteed paradise and eternal love and Gay Nigger seed among men."