"Mom, I can't sleep would you mind if I get in bed with you?"
She was wearing a baby doll semi-see through nightie, and was embarrassed to let me in bed with her.
However she remembered how I had let her sleep with me when she needed to.
"Sure John, it's a big bed," she said in an uncertain tone.
"Mom, would you mind if I snuggle a little with you.
I just feel kind of sad tonight, I need you close to me."
I said; without waiting for an answer I pulled her tight against me.
I kept grinding my crotch into her ass trying to get comfortable.
My hands crept up to her breasts and began playing with them, lazily at first.
"John... JOHN what are you doing?
Stop that and go to sleep."
This is giving me such a headache! I have to go to school in 3 hours and my term paper is not saved!
But I could not stop.
I pulled her nightie up and wet my finger.
I then stuck it into her slightly moist pussy.
"John listen to me, stop right now.
This has to stop.
You are my son, and we can't do this.
Please John don't do this to me."
I did stop then and sat up next to her.
I pulled her into my lap and cupped her breasts in my hands while licking her ear.
"Susan honey, we need to talk, we need to finish this.
I told you a long time ago that I love you, that I need you.
I want to possess you utterly.
I want you to give me your body, to make love to me.
I have a tape mom.
A tape of you raping me.
I could blackmail you, send you to jail.
But that does not get me what I want.
I don't just want you on Christmas, I don't want stolen kisses, or the occasional snuggle.
I want you to want me.
To be hot and wild and passionate, and completely in love with me.
I want to have the right to grab you and fuck you anytime I want, just like dad did.
I want to wake up to find you sucking on my cock just because you feel like it.
Mom can you honestly say you don't want that too?
Can you honestly say that you can bear to have me walk out of your life forever?
Because that is what I would have to do.
You are the woman I love, the only woman I have ever made love to.
If I can't have you, I will have to go.
If I am near you, I have to fuck you.
It is as simple as that," I said as I wrote my name on her breasts with my finger.
She was crying now, and I could smell her juices beginning to boil and drip out her pussy.
She laid back against my chest and I wrapped her in my arms.
"I don't want to lose you, I, I know that you are more than just a son to me.
I am so scared though.
Wanting you this way is wrong.
I am your mother.
I should not let you play with my tits, I should not want you to lick my pussy, or need you to fuck my ass but for some sick reason I do.
I know I can't allow you to fuck me, I can't let you put that big slab of cock-meat inside me.
If I do that, there is no turning back, you will own me.
I will become addicted to your dick.
Oh god, what am I going to do.
I love you John, but it is still wrong!"
We laid that way for a long time, just holding on to each other.
My hard on was peeking up between her thighs.
Finally I came up with a solution.
"Mom I understand that our relationship is not normal, but it is not WRONG either.
Making love to you could never be wrong.
I love you and I want to show you how much.
Susan, it's Christmas.
Let me have you this one time.
Make love to me, be greedy, teach me how to please you.
Make me fuck you right.
We owe it to ourselves to try it at least once.
You are All I want for Christmas, all I have ever wanted."
Susan was quiet for a few seconds and then she slowly nodded her head.
Her hands were trembling as she smiled up at me and said yes.
I was so happy, that I crushed her against me and said over and over, "I love you baby, I am going to be so good to you, I love you mom," while kissing and hugging her.
Our kisses slowly began to deepen, she was on top of me straddling my waist.
Her breasts were brushing against my chest and my cock was laying against her ass.
I was licking her lips, sucking on them when her pretty, pink little tongue flicked out to meet mine.
I sucked her into my mouth and we both let out a little sigh of happiness.
Susan began crawling down my stomach, stopping briefly to lick my belly button clean.
Then she began playing with my cock, rubbing it against her face, eyes, nose, sniffing and then licking and sucking it into her mouth.
My mother was overcome by a wave of pure dick-lust as she began to swallow my cock.'
I don't know how big my dad's cock was, but he must have been my size or bigger, cuz my mom swallowed my fat 8 incher like an old pro.
She kept looking me right in the eye, with this wicked little grin on her face, daring me to fuck her properly.
I did.
I began to ram it down her throat, we established a good rhythm.
She breathed through her nose and every 20 seconds or so I would pull out and let her lick and massage my knob (and breathe), before plunging back in.
"Cum on my face baby, cum all over your mother's face," she said between slurps, and squeezes and soft, slow, sucks.
I could not help it, she was sucking the sperm right out of me.
I grabbed Susan's head and pulled it tight against my crotch.
I held her in place as I powerfucked her throat.
Precum was bubbling out of me and I could hear it gurgling in her mouth.
My balls were twitching and jerking hard now and I felt the sperm swimming their way to the head of my cock.
"You want my sperm mom, you want some stinky-sticky?
Take it you beautiful little slut, take your son's cum!"
I bellowed as I shot the first load down her throat.
I remembered that she wanted some on her face too; so I pulled out and pressed my spurting cock against her nostril and shot it up her nose.
I had one or two dribbles left so I placed my cock on each of her eyelids and let er rip.
Mom was a little surprised...
but she did not complain.
I don't know if I can explain how sexy my mom looked.
My cum was in her belly, a little drop was hanging from the corner of her mouth.
Her nose was dripping my cum, and her eyes were crusting over with it.
(Guys try it with your girlfriend tonight, it is fucking amazing!)
I wanted to rest for a few minutes, but I could not.
My mom was obviously very horny and it would not have been polite to leave her hanging.
We switched positions and I settled in for a long, slow lick.
I may not have a lot of experience in some aspects of sex.
Technically I am still a virgin, I guess, since mom has never let me fuck her pussy.
