I have three boys as I said, Dan who is 17 and the most
trouble, Steve, who is 15 and at that awkward age, and
Mike who is eleven and really submissive and well
behaved. I think I started young enough with Mike, when
he was about six or so, and he has learned that I know
what's best for him and only have his best interests at
heart. Not so with Dan, who still remembers his ma, the
fucking whore, and tries to defy me every chance he
gets.
"Jeez Dad, the guys in the locker room at school will
all see my shaved pubes and balls," he complains. It's
nothing I have not heard before.
I know my boys have sexual urges, so three times a
week, I have them masturbate into large jars, and we
measure the content and texture and thickness of their
sperm. My buddies, who have been the saving grace in my
life, come over and help me with these masturbation
sessions, sometimes even helping out by milking the
boys themselves.
Mike doesn't shoot any cream yet, but we let him play
along, just so he doesn't feel left out. Anyway, about
the shaving session, Danny was so fucking proud of his
bush, but I knew it had to go. The first time my
buddies saw all that prick hair they were shocked. "The
boy must be shaved," they said. I shave Danny and Steve
at least once a week, balls, prick hair, and asshole
hair.
I was really distressed to find a ring of light hair
around Dan's asshole, and I had just shaved there a
week ago. The older he gets, the more we have to watch
carefully. At first Dan didn't want my buddies to help
with the shaving and he actually got physically
violent. We had to tie him down to shave him. But he
has now learned to appreciate their help.
After he is shaved, he has to spread wide to show us
how clean he is. Now the only way to be really sure it
is a close shave is to run your tongue over the skin
area to feel for stubble. Well I have Dan do Steve with
his tongue and Steve do Dan. Sometimes, again so he
doesn't feel left out, Little Mike is allowed to
stubble lick both his older brothers too.
At first the boys rebelled especially about having to
put their tongues on each others assholes, but I
explained that that is the only way to make sure the
shave was really close. And the only other option was
to let my buddies do it. Well that got them in line.
