Spock drew closer to permit Jim access to his body. Jim reached out and 
slipped one lazy hand inside the folds of Spock's bathrobe. Spock closed his 
eyes and shivered slightly as Jim's hand closed around his growing erection. 
A tug and a half and it throbbed to its full length.

Jim used his other hand to slowly untie the cloth strap that was holding the 
bathrobe closed. The fabric parted, like a curtain rising on a stage, with 
Spock's impressive hard-on the star performer. Jim worked his hand tightly 
down over the length a few more times before letting go suddenly. He settled 
back on the pillows behind him like a fat cat and placed both hands in his 
own lap. "Well?"

"I will attempt what you suggest," Spock acquiesced, and his own hand picked 
up where Jim had left off. He sat down on the bed at Jim's feet, holding his 
penis and working it slowly as he shrugged off the bathrobe. It fell in 
piles of material around his waist as he devoted more attention to his dick. 
But always he kept one eye on Jim, and concentrated on his love through 
their bond.

Jim had unzipped the fly of his uniform pants and fished out everything he 
had to offer. He was sitting against his pillows, running his hands lightly, 
teasingly, over his dick and balls, as he watched Spock with eager 
curiosity. Would he be able to do it? Jim had seen pictures of such an act, 
in pornos and in textbooks, but had neither seen it in person nor managed it 
himself--and now his new husband was about to attempt it! The thought added 
a throb to his erection.

Spock studied his penis with the devoted, serious concentration he usually 
offered as Starfleet's best science officer. Continually working it with 
both hands so that it stayed at maximum stiffness, he slowly began to curl 
his body inward. Jim almost winced a little when he began to bend past Human 
comfort levels, but he felt nothing but love, curiosity, and calculation 
coming from Spock's mind. He relaxed, and trusted Spock not to hurt himself.

Spock gently folded his body over as far as he could, and craned his neck 
slightly. Yes, it certainly appeared possible...

He opened his mouth and, snaking his tongue out as as far as it could go, 
gave the head of his penis an exploratory lick.

He stopped his actions at the sounds of a small moan from his bondmate. 
Bending his head away from his phallus in a deliberate tease, he looked over 
at Jim. The Admiral's eyes were wide open and he was pumping his dick slowly 
but enthusiastically. "You are enjoying this, Jim?" Spock asked with a 
twinkle-eyed straight face.

Jim nodded and breathed heavily. "You can do it, you can actually *do* it," 
he murmured with appreciative wonder.

"Yes, the Vulcan skeleton does have some useful evolutionary--"

"Please--Spock--keep going... you have no idea how hot this looks from 
here," Jim gasped.

Spock had somewhat of an idea. The spikes of passion he could feel shooting 
through Jim's mind and down through his body were unsually high. He crunched 
his body down and stuck his tongue out again.

With long, thorough laps like an animal he began to lick his penis. His 
tongue slipped wetly over the smooth, fleshy head, and he began to 
unconsciously thrust slightly against his own mouth. He ground his tongue 
against the green-flushed skin harder and harder.

Encouraged by the masculine moaning of the man reclining beside him, he 
stretched out his lips and carefully enveloped the tip of his penis with his 
mouth. Enjoying the inviting moist warmth, he cupped his balls in one palm 
and kneaded them slightly. Then he thrust with seriousness into his mouth, 
sucking his own penis, his hands gripping the shaft.

He couldn't make it that far down, but it was enough for Jim Kirk. Watching 
Spock with aroused fascination, Jim slid his fist up and down his dick 
faster and faster. Spock's head was bent over his crotch as he gave himself 
head, his eyes cast down so that his long, beautiful eyelashes were even 
more obvious than they usually were. And below the eyelashes, his hard penis 
disappearing in between his beautiful, elegant lips... wet and glistening 
with his saliva.

Jim thrust his hips against the bed and into his hand. His eyes fixed firmly 
on Spock, watching the Vulcan tongue-bathe his own dick, he rubbed himself 
into a shuddering climax. Hot white liquid splashed in little spurts and 
dribbled down his spent erection. Spock felt the orgasm through the marriage 
bond and let himself freefloat over the edge as well. He considered the 
taste of his own semen as he came with both sexual satisfaction and 
scientific amusement.

He conserved the semen as best he could as he let his penis slip out of his 
mouth and flop happily onto one thigh. Then he got down on his knuckles and 
crawled across the bed to his sweating, panting bondmate.

Spock climbed on board the Starship Jim, wrapping all his limbs around the 
Admiral in a slightly nonHuman fashion. Their softening penises pressed 
together as they both shifted to maximize body contact. Jim wrapped both 
arms around Spock's back and hugged him tightly. Then Spock bent in for a 
kiss.

Syrupy Vulcan semen flowed from Spock's mouth to Jim's as the two men 
kissed. Jim was used to the unique taste of the fluid, sweeter than a 
Human's and both thicker and slicker, but it was tittilatingly exotic to 
have it snowballed to him from Spock's mouth. The liquid mixed with their 
saliva and eventually disappeared down their throats. Spock's hands found 
Jim's forehead, and he slipped easily into his mind. My mind to your mind...

My tongue to your tongue, Jim thought back playfully. It was an old joke, 
and their tongues lay flat against each other as if on cue.

Spock broke the kiss to travel worshipfully down Jim's body with tender 
hands, stopping at his groin to lick up the excess Human come. It was Vulcan 
instinct to ingest leftover seminal fluid--a logical consequence of desert 
life. For Jim it was kinky; for Spock, natural.
