I had owned my Corn Snake for about a two years. I fed him mice and watched that as he grew bigger, so too did his prey. Every time the routine was usually the same: he would lay in wait stalking the unsuspecting mouse, then he would lunge, curl around the mouse's body, squeezing the life out of the mouse before he swallowed him. I would watch as the snake unhinged its jaws to enable ingestion and how the entire snakes body would pulsate around the mouse in order to facilitate the swallow. I knew I had to get me some.
Thats when I got my idea. Sometimes the snake would lunge at my finger, having mistaken it for a mouse (and I think I had mouse scent on me). So for my first attempt I held food back on the snake just to make him hungry. I glued discarded mouse fur all over my cock and balls and even drew whiskers and little eyes on my dick head. I taught myself to make little mouse squeaks to authenticate the experience for the snake. I have to admit it was a little weird to hear myself saying "eep! eep!" with my hogan dangling by the snakes nose
When I lowered my dick into the cage, Leviathan (my snake.. I mean pet snake.. you know) went right for it. He wrapped around my johnson, squeezing it. It was like my hand only much, much stronger. When he thought my dick was dead (it never really struggled), he started to swallow it. He got it all the way down, balls deep, when the real fun began. It was awesome. I swear I could see his little red eyes looking up at me as if to say "you like?"
I could see my head getting bigger in his stomach. I was afraid I was going to bust him open like that crazy internet picture of the python and the alligator. But by that point I couldn't go back anyway.
Alas- he did not explode, he just kept sucking. It was the best thing ever.
After about five minutes, i blew a load in Leviathan's stomach. I figured he deserved something to eat.
I since have made Leviathan gobble down on my mouse-dick like a dozen more times. The next time I actually spiked his waterbowl with Astroglide, but he didnt go for it. Oh well

