The Stallion

A full grown stallion's cock, when fully erect, will measure some two to
three feet long.  It can be three to six inches thick at the base, to about
two inches thick at the head.  Horses are somewhat different from other
animals in the way their cock head works.  When a horse is fully erect and
excited and ready to mount, his cock head is somewhat pointed and not as
thick as might be normally observed.  This is to facillatate an easier
entry into the mare.  After the horse has entered and reaches a climax the
head swells (though it is more spongy then hard) into a fist sized mass as
he ejacultates.  It is thought that this serves as a plug to force the
semen deep into the mare rather then allowing it to leak out.  A full grown
stallion can ejaculate about one cup ( 8 ounces ) of semen.  It will take
quite a few spurts to accomplish this.  Each time his tail will raise and
lower in a brief flick.  The first few jets are of a thin to average
consistency of cum.  The final few jets are of a thick gelatinous
substance... it is thought that this serves to "seal" the mares pussy so
that the semen has time to do it's thing before leaking out.  Horse semen
is extremely viscous, if you touch your finger to a pool of it you can draw
a thin string of it five to six feet long!  Horse cum has a nice flat taste
to it...not at all bitter like man's cum.  You can easily drink cups of it
with no discomfort.

The Mare - how to do it.

Mares can be quite satisfactory for the average well endowed male.  If you
are somewhat less developed you might find better pleasure with a pony or
Miniature Horse.  These are also better as they are lower to the ground. A
pony you can fuck standing up.  A miniature horse on your knees or
squatting depending on the size.  A mare will require something to stand on
or "platform shoes"...(IE mini stilts to raise you a foot off the ground)
so that you can reach her pussy.
Fucking any horse will depend on the horse.  Some will be ready right
away...some will take coaxing.  Pet the animal, talk to it softly, spend
time with it gaining it's trust.  If something you are doing upsets it then
don't force it.  Talk to it and calm it.  If you work slowly you can make
an animal accept anything.  It is just a question of helping it overcome
it's fears.  All animals fear man if raised in the wild.  How any animal
reacts will depend on it's own experiences.  If you haved raised the animal
yourself in a loving enviroment, then you should have no problem
associating with it, if it is a strange animal that you have met in the
wild then you will have to go through an extended "courtship" to learn how
to respond to the beast.

MARES - TRAINING YOUR OWN

When the filly reaches weaning age, seperate her from her dam.  If you have
limited time to spend then she should be put to pasture.  If you have
plenty of time then you should keep her in a stall.  Spend time with her
during the day petting and grooming her and allow her some time to run
free.  Limit her access to other horses though and see that she spends at
least 8-12 hours a day in the stall. (Start with more free time and as she
approaches her first birthday confine her more...she is now at the right
age and her confinement will have made her so bored that she is amenable to
any new experience so long as it is not unpleasant)Young fillys have no
objection to someone playing with their pussy's.  I have walked up on a pen
full of strange fillys at night and they came right up to me and I petted
them and felt up their pussys and they just lifted their tales and seemed
to enjoy it.  These fillys didn't even know me but they were young,
inexperienced and bored...also since they were penned they were used to the
presence of people and did not fear me.  Most horses in a large pasture
will run when they scent a strange human in their pasture at night.
If you sit on the ground and wait  patiently, they will get downwind of you
and snort and fret, but eventually they will get curious and come
closer...you must wait until they have come close enough to smell and touch
you before saying anything or moving.  Even then speak softly and move VERY
slowly so as not to spook them.  If you can feed the horses and let them
smell you during the day on several occaisons then they will remember you
and come to you more readily when you appear in the middle of the night. 
Also if you are seducing strange horses you should bring them food.  This
is a good way to start a relationship.
Wild mares or those that have been artificially inseminated are usually
reluctant to have sex.  The wild ones are used to violent horsecock and the
others have had peoples arms in their cunts so they can be apprehensive
about sexual events.  Start rubbing ,scratching, etc in different areas
and observe the mare to see what she likes...almost all horses enjoy being
scratched under the chin and across the withers.  Play with the horse until
it is comfortable with you and as you stroke it slowly move toward it's
hind end.  Scratch her rump and around her tale and the move down her hind
legs.  If she reacts to this well she might raise her tail
somewhat...gently rub her pussy and see how she reacts...if she doesn't get
violent then spit on your fingers and rub a couple of them through her
snatch...if she doesn't try to kick you then she is probably ready to fuck.
Note on horses and getting kicked.... Standing directly in front of a horse
is hazardous as it can raise on it's hind legs and come down with a front
hoof on your head.  Standing 3-6 feet behind a horse is hazardous as it has
range to wind up and kick you a good one with the hind legs.  Standing
beside a horse is fairly safe.  It can only stomp on your toes which can be
avoided...standing behind a horse is safe if you are no farther then a foot
from it's rump..you are so close that the horse can't develop a full swing
and cannot kick you hard.  If the horse can move forward you might fall
into range so try to tie up or use a stall or something so the animal
cannot pull away into striking range.  If you make a good relationship
however the above is unnecessary though.  I have had mare that welcomed
me...pushed back every time I shoved, and contracted her cunt to milk my
cock dry.  Horses are some of the best pussy I have ever tried!  And I have
tried plenty of PEOPLE & ANIMALS!  Also horses are easily trainable!  As
long as you make sure they enjoy what is happening and don't force them or
get angry with them if they misunderstand what you want of them, they will
love you always.  Above all try to understand what they like and do it to
them....by doing whatever, to make them happy, they will respond by
granting you greater freedoms.  Once you have succesfully fucked a filly a
few times she will be used to it and look forward to your visits so long as
you give her the attention she desires.  You must experiment and treat her
as a lover and see what turns her on.  Treat her as she wants and she will
give you all.

The Stallion

A stallion is is one of the most proudest, powerful, masculine, things
there is.  All stallions are very oral and like to nibble and bite on
anything available.  This can be annoying and painful and they should be
trained against it at a early age or else you should wear a padded suit, so
that they can bite you painlessly.  This might be considered as a horse
that allows itself to be bitten without reacting is signalling that it is
sexually receptive.  Stallions that have succesfully coupled in the wild
are somewhat resistant from seduction by humans.  If they are isolated,
tempted and trained, then they will become more acquiessent but the best
ones are those that have been raised in a human enviroment since weaning,
since they have not had sex with other horses they are more amenable to
having sex with humans when their hormones kick in and they are looking for
some release.  Bringing a wild horse to orgasm can be more difficult.  They
are used to a mares pussy which is several degrees hotter then a humans
body heat.  A person could fuck or suck them and not bring them to the
point of orgasm unless they had been isolated and deprived and unable to
help but cut loose with a load.  Stallions can be readily trained though. 
Most stud farms use artificial insemination, the stallions are aroused by
the scent of mares in heat and then an artificial vagina filled with warm
water is slipped over their cock and they reach orgasm.  The stallions soon
learn the routine and just be leading them into the proper barn they know
what is coming and obtain an erection.  This can work for you too.  By
coming repeatedly to a horse and arousing him he will become trained to see
you as a sexual object.  Soon just your presence will give him a throbbing
hard-on.

Arousing the Stallion

Stallions are aroused by the smell of horse pussy above all else.
If you have access to a mare, then gentle her till she will let you finger
her...then coat your fingers with her juice.  Now rub your fingers across
the stallions nose!  He will react even if she is not in heat!  He knows
the smell!  I have done this to geldings!  Horses that have been castrated
and they still got a hardon!!!  Also pet & rub the horse and rub his
cock...don't pull on it hard.. be gentle...big as it is it is still tender!
If you rub his belly and sheath slowly and gently and let him smell some
horse pussy juice then he will erect.  If you can find a horse in heat then
grab some urine and refrigerate it.  Take some out and thaw it when you
want it.  Rubbing some hot mare piss on a stallions nose will make him
horny as hell!   He will be all over you! Once a stallion smells that he
doesn't care what he fucks!  He just wants a hot hole.
Make sure there are no other horses around...otherwise he will jump them
instead of you!
Some horses have been trained too react to certain cues, others react to
their own natural cues...I remember a $1,000,000.00 Arabian stallion I
trained.. He stuck his tounge out about 1/2 inch...when someone would rub
this small crescent he would instantly get a raging hardon...more proof
that stallions are very oral. This stallion had never had sex with a
mare...he had only climaxed through the intervention of humans and was
quite happy with having sex in a artificial vagina with the help of
humans...training does wonders.

NOONE SHOULD ATTEMPT VAGINAL OR ANAL INTERCOURSE WITH A STALLION
unless they have are experienced in fist fucking or have taken a large dog
in to the max ( IE knot and all).  A horse has an enormus cock and could do
serious damage to someone who is not prepared. A horse cock can easily grow
as big as the knot in a large dogs cock so if you can't take that in then
you aren't ready.  PS.  A large dog can stretch you where a horse can fit
if you make the switch before the hole shrivels.

Country boys - you kbnow where the animals are and how to get them...you
don't need to read this.

City Boys - Drive out to the suburbs and find some isolated horses.. try to
encounter them in the day and get them used to you then return at night to
have some fun.  IF there are stables around then spend some time there. 
Sign up for riding lessons or whatever and then kindof fade out and help
groom the horses and clean the stalls.  Chances or whoever runs the scene
will be glad for the help and won't question your prescence there.  You can
help run the show by day and return for sex at night.  Just be careful,
there is less privacy in the city as compared to the country.  You sure
don't want to be caught!


New animals on the block!!

We now have miniature donkeys and horses as well as the larger ponys to
play with!

These animals reach a maximum of about 200 pounds for the purebreeds and
somewhat larger for the crossbreeds.  You can buy or breed an animal just
for your size specifications!  Male and female animals made to order. 
Miniatures are currently selling (dec. 1991) for $300 to $3000 depending on
pedigree.  Anyone can find a horse their size.  Support and promote these
animals.  They are salvation to us all.  The mares are tight and the
stallions are all sizes...one can be found to fit any hole.
